README.md, before:


# BalanceMe


> BalanceMe is an application which gives the user the ability to control his incomes, expenses and keep track of
the user's financial balance over time. The user allocates a budget and at the end of the month, 
the application reports to the user about his spending habits and whether the user spent over budget or not.


## Motivation


* *For many people in the world, keeping track of their budget every month is an impossible task. 
With a large amount of expenses and few sources of income, it might be difficult to ensure your expenses are lower than your incomes.
Sometimes, people are interested in statistics about their spending over time, in order 
to plan future expenses, save money and manage their account balance. 
BalanceMe offers a user-friendly platform for managing the financial balance each month,
customized for every user.*


## Core Features


* [ ] Create and manage income and expense categories as you want.
* [ ] View statistics about your expenses over time.
* [ ] Allocate and keep track of your budget.

## Complementary Features

* [ ] Set your group of friends/family/organization to share the same budget and keep track of their spending habits.
* [ ] Create target goals to allocate savings to.
* [ ] Filter and sort expense/income categories based on money spent,date, and other parameters.

## Table of contents
[Overview](/docs/overview.md)
[Database](/docs/database.md)
[Models](/docs/models.md)
[Setup](/docs/setup.md)

Commit message:

#299 screenshots+badge
#299 update with screenshots (from Google play)

README.md, after:


# BalanceMe


> BalanceMe is an application which gives the user the ability to control his incomes, expenses and keep track of
the user's financial balance over time. The user allocates a budget and at the end of the month, 
the application reports to the user about his spending habits and whether the user spent over budget or not.

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.technion.balanceme.balance_me&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1'><img alt='Get it on Google Play'src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png'/></a>
>Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.

## Motivation


* *For many people in the world, keeping track of their budget every month is an impossible task. 
With a large amount of expenses and few sources of income, it might be difficult to ensure your expenses are lower than your incomes.
Sometimes, people are interested in statistics about their spending over time, in order 
to plan future expenses, save money and manage their account balance. 
BalanceMe offers a user-friendly platform for managing the financial balance each month,
customized for every user.*


## Core Features


* [ ] Create and manage income and expense categories as you want.
* [ ] View statistics about your expenses over time.
* [ ] Allocate and keep track of your budget.

## Complementary Features

* [ ] Set your group of friends/family/organization to share the same budget and keep track of their spending habits.
* [ ] Create target goals to allocate savings to.
* [ ] Filter and sort expense/income categories based on money spent,date, and other parameters.

## Table of contents
[Overview](/docs/overview.md)
[Database](/docs/database.md)
[Models](/docs/models.md)
[Setup](/docs/setup.md)
